ARROW-15178: [Java][Docs] Java Tutorial: Developer Docs for Java (#12534)
apache/arrow: docs/source/developers/java/development.rst

The ``arrow-performance`` module contains benchmarks.

Let's configure our environment to run performance tests:

- Install `benchmark`_
- Install `archery`_

In case you need to see your performance tests on the UI, then, configure (optional):

- Install `conbench`_

Lets execute benchmark tests:

.. code-block::

    $ cd benchmarks
    $ conbench java-micro --help
    $ conbench java-micro
        --iterations=1
        --commit=e90472e35b40f58b17d408438bb8de1641bfe6ef
        --java-home=<absolute path to your java home>
        --src=<absolute path to your arrow project>
        --benchmark-filter=org.apache.arrow.adapter.AvroAdapterBenchmarks.testAvroToArrow
    Benchmark                              Mode  Cnt       Score   Error  Units
    AvroAdapterBenchmarks.testAvroToArrow  avgt       725545.783          ns/op
    Time to POST http://localhost:5000/api/login/ 0.14911699295043945
    Time to POST http://localhost:5000/api/benchmarks/ 0.06116318702697754

Then go to: http://127.0.0.1:5000/ to see reports:

UI Home:

.. image:: img/conbench_ui.png

UI Runs:

.. image:: img/conbench_runs.png

UI Benchmark:

.. image:: img/conbench_benchmark.png

Code Style
==========

> Code style are configured at ``java/dev/checkstyle`` (More detail at `checkstyle`_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code style is enforced with Checkstyle. The configuration is located at `checkstyle`_.
```

The Maven build will validate code against the Checkstyle configuration.

> You can also just check the style without building the project.

Reviewer: How?

Author: Added mvn command

.. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
.. or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
.. distributed with this work for additional information
.. regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
.. to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
.. "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
.. with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

.. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
.. software distributed under the License is distributed on an
.. "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
.. KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
.. specific language governing permissions and limitations
.. under the License.

.. highlight:: console

======================
Development Guidelines
======================

.. contents::

Unit Testing
============

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unit tests are run by Maven during the build.

To speed up the build, you can skip them by passing -DskipTests.
```

.. code-block::

    $ cd arrow/java
    $ mvn \
        -Darrow.cpp.build.dir=$GITHUB_WORKSPACE/java-dist/lib -Parrow-jni \

>         -Darrow.c.jni.dist.dir=$GITHUB_WORKSPACE/java-dist/lib -Parrow-c-data \

Reviewer: Don't use CI-specific env vars.

Author: Changed

    [INFO] Arrow Flight Core .................................. SUCCESS [ 50.632 s]
    [INFO] Arrow Flight GRPC .................................. SUCCESS [  9.932 s]
    [INFO] Arrow Flight SQL ................................... SUCCESS [ 22.559 s]
    [INFO] Arrow Flight Integration Tests ..................... SUCCESS [  9.649 s]
    [INFO] Arrow AVRO Adapter ................................. SUCCESS [ 17.145 s]
    [INFO] Arrow Algorithms ................................... SUCCESS [ 44.571 s]
    [INFO] Arrow Performance Benchmarks ....................... SUCCESS [  9.202 s]
    [INFO] Arrow Java C Data Interface ........................ SUCCESS [ 15.794 s]
    [INFO] Arrow Orc Adapter .................................. SUCCESS [ 14.205 s]
    [INFO] Arrow Gandiva ...................................... SUCCESS [02:06 min]
    [INFO] Arrow Java Dataset ................................. SUCCESS [ 15.261 s]
    [INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
    [INFO] BUILD SUCCESS
    [INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------

Performance Testing
===================

> Java module that contains performance tests is: `performance`

Reviewer: Backticks don't do what you want here, you want something like

```
The ``arrow-performance`` module contains benchmarks.
```

Author: Changed

> Let's configure our performance environment to run performance tests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's configure our environment to run performance tests:
```

- Install `benchmark`_
- Install `archery`_

> - Install `conbench`_

Reviewer: I believe this works without conbench, you just won't get the local UI?

Author: Added as an optional

Lets execute benchmark tests:

.. code-block::

    $ cd benchmarks
    $ conbench java-micro --help
    $ conbench java-micro
        --iterations=1
        --commit=e90472e35b40f58b17d408438bb8de1641bfe6ef
        --java-home=<absolute path to your java home>
        --src=<absolute path to your arrow project>
        --benchmark-filter=org.apache.arrow.adapter.AvroAdapterBenchmarks.testAvroToArrow
    Benchmark                              Mode  Cnt       Score   Error  Units
    AvroAdapterBenchmarks.testAvroToArrow  avgt       725545.783          ns/op
    Time to POST http://localhost:5000/api/login/ 0.14911699295043945
    Time to POST http://localhost:5000/api/benchmarks/ 0.06116318702697754

Then go to: http://127.0.0.1:5000/ to see reports:

UI Home:

.. image:: img/conbench_ui.png

UI Runs:

.. image:: img/conbench_runs.png

UI Benchmark:

.. image:: img/conbench_benchmark.png

Code Style
==========

> Code style are configured at `java/dev/checkstyle`

Reviewer: Backticks don't do what you want in reStructuredText, use double-backticks

Author: Updated

.. code-block::

    <plugin>
        <groupId>org.apache.maven.plugins</groupId>
        <artifactId>maven-checkstyle-plugin</artifactId>
        <version>3.1.0</version>
        <executions>
            <execution>
                <id>validate</id>
                <phase>validate</phase>
                <goals>
                    <goal>check</goal>
                </goals>
            </execution>
        </executions>
        <configuration>
            <configLocation>dev/checkstyle/checkstyle.xml</configLocation>
            <headerLocation>dev/checkstyle/checkstyle.license</headerLocation>
            <suppressionsLocation>dev/checkstyle/suppressions.xml</suppressionsLocation>
            <includeTestSourceDirectory>true</includeTestSourceDirectory>
            ...
        </configuration>

>     </plugin>

Reviewer: Don't show this here, just link to the checkstyle configuration.

Author: Deleted

> Validate check style configuration:

Reviewer: "The Maven build will validate code against the Checkstyle configuration. You can also just check the style without building the project:"

Maybe mention how to skip this check as well.

Author: Changed
